= OpenWISP Middle Ware

== Description

OWMW is a middleware system written from scratch with Sinatra. 
Main features:
* interconnect OpenWISP applications via a RESTful API

== Configuration

=== OWMW setup

You'll find _config/settings.rb.example_ which can be used as an example.

=== Web server setup

You'll need to configure a web server.

For instance, if you wan't to use apache2 you'll need to configure two virtual hosts. So you configuration will look like to the following:

    Listen 80
    <VirtualHost *:80>

      DocumentRoot [your owmw directory]/public

      LogLevel warn
      ErrorLog [error log file]
      CustomLog [access log file] combined

      PassengerDefaultUser www-data # Change it to reflect your needs
      RackEnv production            # Change it to reflect your needs

      <Directory [your owmw directory]/public>
        AllowOverride all
        Options -MultiViews	
        Order allow,deny
        Allow from all
      </Directory>

    </VirtualHost>

== Copyright

Copyright (C) 2012 OpenWISP.org

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
